Implement MIR checks for missing mir_execute_func or mir_return. Fixes #2506 (#2893)
GaloisInc/saw-script: CHANGES.md

# next -- TBA

* `mir_verify` now enforces correctness checks that match the existing
  behavior of `llvm_verify` and `jvm_verify`:

  1. Omitting a call to mir_execute_func or calling mir_execute_func multiple
     times will cause SAW to raise an error.

  2. For functions that return a value other than `()`, a `mir_return`

>      specification is now required.  Omitting the return specification will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. For functions that return a value other than `()`, a `mir_return`
     statement is now required.  Omitting the return statement will
```
